Project summary:An analysis was conducted on a dataset obtained from Kaggle (Roshan, 2020) that contained recruitment information for students that have achieved work placement out of Jain University in India.  The target feature was ÔstatusÕ which was a categorical feature that represented whether students received placement or not. Through, the modelling the goal was to discover which features are most important to decide whether students get placed. The dataset was pre-processed to check for missing/incorrect values, outliers, changing feature names, and dropping ID-like columns. The features were plotted as one-variable, two-variable and three-variable to see their individual affects and relationships to other features. Some interesting takeaways from our explorations were that male students have a higher chance of received placement, students with higher undergraduate and postgraduate GPAs are more likely to be placed, and a higher employability test percentage leads to higher chances of getting placed.The algorithms used to fit the model were K Nearest Neighbour (KNN), Decision Tree, Random Forest, Logistic Regression and Na•ve Bayes. The dataset had to first, encode other categorical features and while also scaling the dataset. Feature selection was used to find the important features through the F-score methodology. Using the metric ÔaccuracyÕ, each model is fitted through training the model. After the models were created and fitted, the models were compared using paired t-test to identify the statistically best performing algorithm.Summary of findings:The analysis of each individual modelÕs accuracy was determined. Using F-score methodology to determine important features, it was found that 3 main features 'Secondary Education Percentage', 'Higher Secondary Education PercentageÕ, and 'Undergraduate Degree Percentage' showed significant importance for Logistic Regression, KNN and Na•ve Bayes. The data was modelled with 70% for testing and 30% for training. The models were hyper-parameter tuned and saw the highest accuracy of 87.69%, 85.9% and 82.63% respectively for each model. Decision Trees and Random Forest analysis used 5 features of the F-score to model the accuracy. These features are: 'Work Experience', 'Undergraduate Degree PercentageÕ, ÔPost Graduate SpecialisationÕ, ÔHigher Secondary Education Percentage', 'Secondary Education Percentage'. Using Gini and Entropy criterion for both models and after hyper-parameter tunning, the accuracy was found to be 82.5% and 86.2% respectively. To determine the statistically best performing algorithm the models were compared using t-test, it was found that the comparison of Logistic Regression with Random Forest was not significant as p > 0.05 however, Random Forest with KNN, and Logistic Regression with KNN were found to be significant as p < 0.05.Conclusion:It was found that the most important feature in the determination of whether students are placed or not after university in India was ÔSecondary Education PercentageÕ followed by ÔHigher Secondary Education PercentageÕ and ÔUndergraduate Degree PercentageÕ. The suggestion on these features indicate high level of academic performance during high school is more important than undergraduate performance to get placed. The models developed that have the highest accuracy in determining whether students are placed or not was Logistic Regression with an accuracy of 87.69% followed by Random Forest at 86.2% and KNN at 85.9%. These models allow universities and students to develop a strong understanding of what work placements are looking for in order to be successful of achieving placement. 